How could Xu Shao do this?
How could Shen Long be Qin Mengying's guest?
Then the distinguished guest gave me p him, you didn't see Qin Mengying
What's your attitude?
have seen
I don't know how to please him
The two of them obviously did something together
Then again
The water dragon claw is really handsome
You are nothing
Xiaobailinger
Xu Shao, what should I do now?
But I'm afraid I won't be able to offend that kid in the future
Shen Rong, that bastard, hurt me like this
You wait for you to forget him
Bastard, don't you just rely on your broken face?
Hooking up with a stinky woman?
This is what I paid a lot of money for
The medicine brought back
What's the use of that?
That bastard just drinks him
Then it will fester all over
Can't even be a man
I see how he pleases women
But he does have some skills
How could I drink what you gave me?
Li Jinbai
Ask Li Jinbai for help
Mr. Shen, calm down
They're not worth my anger.
Oh, by the way, you just said about the medicinal materials.
Tell me
Hello Xiaorong
You have to help my cousin this time.
What happened to my cousin?